Document i18n routing with dynamic routes (#29632)
vercel/next.js: docs/advanced-features/i18n-routing.md

}
```

> Note that when using [dynamic routes](/docs/routing/dynamic-routes) you will need to pass the `href` argument of `router.push` as an object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when using [dynamic routes](/docs/routing/dynamic-routes) you might need to pass the `href` argument of `router.push` as an object when providing `as` manually as well.
```
This shouldn't be `required` when passing only the `href` for a dynamic route e.g. `router.push('/post/[slug]', '/post/hello-world',  { locale: 'fr' })` should work properly as well.

```jsx
import { useRouter } from 'next/router'

export default function IndexPage(props) {
  const router = useRouter()

  return (
    <div
      onClick={() => {
        router.push({

>           pathname: '/blog/[post]',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          pathname: '/post/[post]',
```
It looks like this dynamic route is mis-matching the `as` value, let's make sure this matches to prevent confusion.

> Note that when using [dynamic routes](/docs/routing/dynamic-routes) you will need to pass the `href` argument of `router.push` as an object.
> ```jsx
> import { useRouter } from 'next/router'
> 
> export default function IndexPage(props) {
>   const router = useRouter()
> 
>   return (
>     <div
>       onClick={() => {
>         router.push({
>           pathname: '/blog/[post]',
>           query: {
>             post: 'hello-world'
>           }
>         }, '/post/hello-world', { locale: 'fr' })
>       }}
>     >
>       to /fr/post/hello-world
>     </div>
>   )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note to handle switching just the `locale` while preserving all routing information ([dynamic route](/docs/routing/dynamic-routes.md) query values or hidden href query values) you can provide the `href` as an object:
```jsx
import { useRouter } from 'next/router'
const router = useRouter()
const { pathname, asPath, query } = router
// change just the locale and maintain all other route information including href's query
router.push({ pathname, query }, asPath, { locale: nextLocale });
```

Let's shorten this snippet a bit and tweak the note to make this more general instead of just for dynamic routes as it applies for other case as well.
